/*
Name: Keith Carlos
Section: NBB
Email: kwcarlos@myseneca.ca
Student ID: 127638211

I have done all the coding by myself and only copied the code that my professor
provided to complete my workshops and assignments.
*/

Upon completing this workshop, I have learned how to implement the main function to accept 
command line arguments and it is done by adding two parameters to the main function. The first
parameter is the number of arguments the program will receive and the second parameter is a pointer 
to an array of characters which is the name of the arguments passed to the program like this: “int 
main(int argc,char* argv[])”. In the workshop there is a keyword “constexpr”, this indicates that the 
value cannot be modified and it is computed at compile time rather than runtime, it is best used on 
array sizes. External linkage is used as a global variable meaning you can declare it in a header file and 
any file that includes your header can use and change the value of that variable, like for example, in the 
workshop, we created two extern variables called extern double g_taxrate and extern double g_discount 
and we used these variables in the main function without the extern keyword. An internal linkage can be 
identified by adding the static keyword in a variable. We use static in a local variable and it means that 
its lifetime last until the program ends or has done executing. In the workshop we used the static int 
variable to count how many times the function has been called:  

static unsigned int callCount = 0; 

 callCount++; 

The changes I have made in part two is just changing the brand variable from a static array of characters 
to dynamic array of characters. I also added the rule of three, the copy constructor, copy assignment 
operator and the destructor. It is important to add the rule of three to avoid any memory leaks and to 
manage the resources. I also added a local dynamic array of characters in the read function to set the 
brand dynamically.   